okay so now if we want to for example
take this and center it we can do that
highlight the text in center if we don't
like this color a background we can
change the background color cover text
we don't like it sir anything that we
did you can hit ctrl Z on our keyboard
and it will automatically undo our last
step we can do that again
and go back another one now let's go on
to the menu item over here the menu
items and that those are called pages so
if we click on pages up here we can
manage pages and we can change the name
what if they say over in the menu
usually home is a standard practice or
the home page of website but we might be
working on computer networks for example
I don't know we might tabs let's have to
do something
Microsoft Word or Excel so we can just
change those names contact might be a
good one to keep the contact information
for the group your names and ID's and
group number and things like that the
best way to add a page would not
actually be the where says at a page the
best way would just be to duplicate an
existing menu item when we do that it
creates a copy and then we can just
change it to what we need to do
and you can see over here that the menu
has changed and we can add as many as we
like and when we do that click OK we may
not see the last menu item contact for
example is music so you can click on and
let's click here uh-huh
go back here but even if we click on
another one we still can't see the
context but in the home is where we have
our my final project title to change
this we can click on this block and just
increase the size of this menu and their
contact is now revealed of course that
looks ugly so let's actually move this
you can move that up so it's inside the
white and of course we'll click on it
works where it except we can see that
they're changing here okay now that is
the menu and the menu items again that
was and pages manage pages we can do
other things as well we can add
different elements it gives you a whole
array of different things we can have
obviously if you'd add a picture it'll
be something like this we can have a
title which would be something like this
paragraph would be something like this
let's go into video and see how we can
add a video to our website just click on
a video it gives you this block which we
can move around and put it wherever we
want to on our page and if we click it
it gives us the one option of setting up
the video and when we do that the video
in this case needs to be
a YouTube video so just if you want to
create your own video upload it to
YouTube and then insert the link here
the autoplay option usually is when the
website opens it will automatically play
the video without the user intervention
that's something that we usually keep
off for best practices looping the video
means when the video ends it will go
back to the beginning and start playing
again
now it's also something that usually we
want to keep off click ok and there we
have our video block put it wherever we
want to on our page okay so picture
title paragraph video a gallery would be
a picture gallery then click on that it
inserts the picture gallery here you can
move it around as well obviously you're
not gonna want to use these pictures so
we can manage pictures and when we do
that we can't really change this
particular picture so the best way to
add pictures to our gallery would be to
add the picture choose a picture from
your computer and add it to this list
here and then delete these pictures that
I am creator gives you when you insert
this element let me just take one of
these and set the info which is lots of
information here now we need to look at
the title will be the title of the
picture itself you can add a description
okay the Anchor Point the placeholder
you don't need to really worry about
these too much the link type however is
one I love to concentrate on do you want
to open up
they if you click on it you click on the
image will it open up into an external
website an internal page on your website
it goes down to a certain another
element in your page is it an email link
a which if it could be a photo of
contact us for example and you click on
click on that and it sends an email to
to the users a home and final download
so lots of information they can enter
there for each picture and that would be
kind of like a photo gallery I think let
me eliminate this a slideshow is similar
to a photo gallery contact information
don't worry about HTML